[STORY-678] feat(db): Add new db dashboard documentation [PG PART] (#2847)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/databases/postgresql/2000-01-01-restoring.md

1. From your web browser, open your [database dashboard]({% post_url databases/postgresql/2000-01-01-getting-started %}#accessing-the-scalingo-for-postgresql-dashboard)
2. Click the **Backups** tab
3. Locate the **Point-in-Time Recovery** block

> 3. Click on **Start a PITR** button
> 4. Pick a date and time (in UTC) and check **I understand that this action will permanently delete existing data and cannot be cancelled or undone once started.**
> 5. Click the **Confirm** button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **Start a PiTR** button
4. Pick a date and time (**timezone is UTC**)
5. Make sure to check the **I understand that this action will permanently delete existing data and cannot be cancelled or undone once started.** checkbox
6. Validate by clicking the **Confirm** button
```
